Privacy policy
1. data protection at a glance
General information
The following notes provide a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit this website. Personal data is any data by which you can be personally identified. For detailed information on data protection, please refer to our data protection declaration listed below this text.

Data collection on this website
Who is responsible for data collection on this website?
Data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find his contact details in the section "Note on the responsible party" in this data protection declaration.

How do we collect your data?
On the one hand, your data is collected by you providing it to us. This can be, for example, data that you enter in a contact form.

Other data is collected automatically or after your consent when you visit the website by our IT systems. This is mainly technical data (e.g. Internet browser, operating system or time of page view). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter this website.

What do we use your data for?
Some of the data is collected to ensure error-free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user behavior.

What rights do you have regarding your data?
You have the right at any time to receive information free of charge about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data. You also have a right to request the correction or deletion of this data. If you have given your consent to data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time for the future. You also have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.

For this purpose, as well as for further questions on the subject of data protection, you can contact us at any time.

2. hosting
We host the contents of our website with the following provider:

External Hosting
This website is hosted externally. The personal data collected on this website is stored on the servers of the hoster(s). This may include, but is not limited to, IP addresses, contact requests, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website accesses and other data generated via a website.

External hosting is carried out for the purpose of contract fulfillment vis-ร-vis our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO) and in the interest of a secure, fast and efficient provision of our online offer by a professional provider (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO). Insofar as a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO and ยง 25 para. 1 TTDSG, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) as defined by the TTDSG. The consent can be revoked at any time.

Our hoster(s) will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfill their service obligations and follow our instructions regarding this data.

We use the following hoster(s):

This website uses a cloud virtual server platform from Digital Ocean LLC, 106 6th Avenue,New York USA. The server location is an ISO/IEC 27001 certified data center in Frankfurt, Germany, where Digital Ocean leases space.

The use of Digital Ocean is based on our legitimate interest in providing our website as error-free and secure as possible (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO). The data transfer to the USA is based on the new standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. Details can be found here: https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy-policy/.

3. general notes and obligatory information
Data protection
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.

When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done.

We would like to point out that data transmission on the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) can have security gaps. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.

Note on the responsible office
The responsible party for data processing on this website is:

Luc Westbomke
Westwall 5a
59581 Warstein

Telephone: [telephone number of the responsible body]
E-mail: lucwestbomke@gmail.com

The responsible body is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses or similar).

Storage period
Unless a more specific storage period has been stated within this data protection declaration, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for the data processing no longer applies. If you assert a legitimate request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g. retention periods under tax or commercial law); in the latter case, the data will be deleted once these reasons no longer apply.

General information on the legal basis for data processing on this website
If you have consented to data processing, we process your personal data on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) DSGVO or Art. 9(2)(a) DSGVO, if special categories of data are processed in accordance with Art. 9(1) DSGVO. In the case of explicit consent to the transfer of personal data to third countries, the data processing is also based on Art. 49 (1) a DSGVO. If you have consented to the storage of cookies or to the access to information in your terminal device (e.g. via device fingerprinting), the data processing is additionally carried out on the basis of Section 25 (1) TTDSG. The consent can be revoked at any time. If your data is required for the performance of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, we process your data on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO. Furthermore, if your data is required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, we process it on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c DSGVO. Furthermore, the data processing may be carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Information about the relevant legal basis in each individual case is provided in the following paragraphs of this privacy policy.

Note on data transfer to the USA and other third countries
Among other things, we use tools from companies based in the USA or other third countries that are not secure under data protection law. If these tools are active, your personal data may be transferred to these third countries and processed there. We would like to point out that no level of data protection comparable to that in the EU can be guaranteed in these countries. For example, US companies are obliged to hand over personal data to security authorities without you as a data subject being able to take legal action against this. It can therefore not be ruled out that US authorities (e.g. intelligence services) process, evaluate and permanently store your data located on US servers for monitoring purposes. We have no influence on these processing activities.

Revocation of your consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke consent you have already given at any time. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.

Right to object to the collection of data in specific cases and to direct marketing (Art. 21 GDPR)
IF THE DATA PROCESSING IS BASED ON ART. 6 ABS. 1 LIT. E OR F DSGVO, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AT ANY TIME FOR REASONS ARISING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. THE RESPECTIVE LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH PROCESSING IS BASED CAN BE FOUND IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU OBJECT, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA CONCERNED UNLESS WE CAN DEMONSTRATE COMPELLING LEGITIMATE GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING WHICH OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS, OR THE PROCESSING IS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSERTING, EXERCISING OR DEFENDING LEGAL CLAIMS (OBJECTION UNDER ARTICLE 21(1) DSGVO).

IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ARE PROCESSED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT MARKETING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING YOU FOR THE PURPOSE OF SUCH MARKETING; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING INSOFAR AS IT IS RELATED TO SUCH DIRECT MARKETING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT MARKETING (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 21 (2) OF THE GERMAN DATA PROTECTION ACT).

Right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged violation. The right of appeal is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy.

Right to data portability
You have the right to have data that we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in performance of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another responsible party, this will only be done insofar as it is technically feasible.

Information, deletion and correction
Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right at any time to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to correction or deletion of this data. For this purpose, as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data, you can contact us at any time.

Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For this purpose, you can contact us at any time. The right to restriction of processing exists in the following cases:

If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored by us, we usually need time to verify this. For the duration of the review, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data happened/is happening unlawfully, you can request the restriction of data processing instead of deletion.
If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of erasure.
If you have lodged an objection pursuant to Art. 21 (1) DSGVO, a balancing of your and our interests must be carried out. As long as it has not yet been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may only be processed with your consent or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of an important public interest of the European Union or a Member State.

SSL or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or requests that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses SSL or TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line.

If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.

4. data collection on this website
Cookies
Our internet pages use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small data packets and do not cause any damage to your terminal device. They are stored either temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or permanently (permanent cookies) on your end device. Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Permanent cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them yourself or until they are automatically deleted by your web browser.

Cookies can originate from us (first-party cookies) or from third-party companies (so-called third-party cookies). Third-party cookies enable the integration of certain services of third-party companies within websites (e.g. cookies for processing payment services).

Cookies have various functions. Many cookies are technically necessary, as certain website functions would not work without them (e.g. the shopping cart function or the display of videos). Other cookies may be used to evaluate user behavior or for advertising purposes.

Cookies that are necessary to carry out the electronic communication process, to provide certain functions that you have requested (e.g. for the shopping cart function) or to optimize the website (e.g. cookies to measure the web audience) (necessary cookies) are stored on the basis of Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO, unless another legal basis is specified. The website operator has a legitimate interest in storing necessary cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. If consent to the storage of cookies and comparable recognition technologies has been requested, processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of this consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO and ยง 25 para. 1 TTDSG); consent can be revoked at any time.

You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be limited.

Which cookies and services are used on this website can be found in this privacy policy.

Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:

browser type and browser version
Operating system used
referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
This data is not merged with other data sources.

The collection of this data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimization of its website - for this purpose, the server log files must be collected.

Contact form
If you send us inquiries via contact form, your data from the inquiry form, including the contact data you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in case of follow-up questions. We do not pass on this data without your consent.

The processing of this data is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. b DSGVO, if your request is related to the performance of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO) or on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO) if this has been requested; the consent can be revoked at any time.

The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to store it, or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies (e.g. after we have completed processing your request). Mandatory legal provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected.

Inquiry by e-mail, telephone or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your inquiry including all resulting personal data (name, inquiry) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass on this data without your consent.

The processing of this data is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. b DSGVO, if your request is related to the performance of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests sent to us (Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO) or on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO) if this has been requested; the consent can be revoked at any time.

The data you send to us via contact requests will remain with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to store it or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - in particular legal retention periods - remain unaffected.

5. social media

6. plugins and tools